fix: Guide to create dynamic inputs in List (#2052)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/build-apps/how-to-guides/add-remove-inputs-in-list.md

---
description: This page shows you steps to add and remove Inputs from a List dynamically.
---

# Insert Input Fields Dynamically
This page shows how to insert or delete input fields dynamically in a List widget.

1. Drag a List widget onto the canvas.
2. Appsmith auto-populates the List with default widgets. Delete the widgets from the first List item.

> 3. Delete the items from the List widget's property pane and bind data using the local storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Items** property, delete the default JSON and bind data from the local storage.
```

   Example:
   This code binds the data corresponding to `inputValue` in the local storage.
   ```jsx
   {{(appsmith.store.inputValue || [])}}
   ```

> 4. Add an Input widget to the List. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Drop an Input widget to the first item in the List. 
```
